Now let's talk about the commercial
side of the industry.
It's a segment that is dramatic in size.
Real Estate Tech for
the sector otherwise known as CRE Tech,
Commercial Real Estate Tech,
also saw a substantial investment.
Last year almost $10 billion of
investment flowed into CRE Tech.
That's a drop from the 2017 level,
however,
that was an outlier,
some might say in 2017 resulting from
soft banks multi-billion
dollar investment in WeWork.
CRE Tech also goes beyond apps,
algos, and websites.
It includes all kinds of value added
technologically related tools like IoT,
Internet of Things,
inherent in the commercial space and
of course also in the residential space.
Nest Tag, for example,
offers key fobs to control home functions,
smart thermostats, home automation.
Photovoltaic glass to save on
energy while also generating it.
Putting solar cells inside glass and
then tech enabling construction,
maintenance, monitoring,
aggregating information not just for
a given office space but
across buildings or multiple buildings,
residences and so on.
The increase in institutional capital
flowing into the space has both
motivated and provided for
this kind of innovative technology R&D,
historically, and
we see it in today's values.
For example, between 2009 and
2017, that's just eight years,
we saw a doubling of institutional capital
committed to CRE Tech, 400 billion,
now stands at about 800 billion when
we think of CRE Tech as being broad.